Add note about html in dbt docs (#267)
fishtown-analytics/docs.getdbt.com: website/docs/reference/dbt-jinja-functions/ref.md

:::

## Advanced ref usage

### Two-argument variant

There is also a two-argument variant of the `ref` function. With this variant, you can pass both a package name and model name to `ref` to avoid ambiguity. This functionality is not commonly required for typical dbt usage.

```sql
select * from {{ ref('package_name', 'model_name') }}
```

> ### Hidden ref

Author: ```suggestion
### Forcing Dependencies
```

:::

## Advanced ref usage

### Two-argument variant

There is also a two-argument variant of the `ref` function. With this variant, you can pass both a package name and model name to `ref` to avoid ambiguity. This functionality is not commonly required for typical dbt usage.

```sql
select * from {{ ref('package_name', 'model_name') }}
```

> ### Hidden ref

Reviewer: I'd call this "forcing dependencies"

> In normal usage, dbt knows the proper order to run all models based on the usage of the `ref` function. There are cases though where dbt doesn't know when a model should be run. An example of this is when a model only references a macro. In that case, dbt thinks the model can run first because no explicit references are made at compilation time. To address this, a comment can be added in the file, after the configuration setting, to indicate which model it depends on:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In normal usage, dbt knows the proper order to run all models based on the usage of the `ref` function. There are cases though where dbt doesn't know when a model should be run. An example of this is when a model only references a macro. In that case, dbt thinks the model can run first because no explicit references are made at compilation time. To address this, you can use a SQL comment along with the `ref` function — dbt will understand the dependency, and the compiled query will still be valid:
```
